SUBCOMMITTEE MEETING MARCH 23

ATTENDEES

Jason
John
Riley
Linda
Paul
Leeanne


SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERS

* Leeanne is now on the subcommittee.
* Jason/Riley/Linda/Leeanne need to be added to Group Conscience email list


HOSTS AND ACCOUNTS

* We will upgrade the account for multiple hosts, will decide today how many additional (probably 5).
* Jason/John/Riley/Leeanne will act as hosts for now. We will discuss which meetings each one is to cover.
* We will also decide whether to upgrade account to support 500 concurrent users.
* Costs: 
   -  $15 per host per month
   -  $64.99/month for 500 user cap
   Total:    $140/month  (assuming 5 hosts)
* Must create username/password for each new account. No Google credentials.
* As hosts change, simply re-assign the account email address.


SERVICE POSTIONS

Linda is managing and tracking all service positions

Open positions:
* Secretary manager:  Linda
* Speaker manager:    Linda
* Service manager:    Linda
* Zoom jockey/host:   John/Jason/Riley/Leeanne
* Wacamole muter:     TBD
* Scribe (capture emails from chats):  Linda+
* Respond to chat questions online:   TBD
* Timer:
* Attendance sheet responder (need email)
* Reading displayer - displays readings during meetings
* Hand lowerer: Lowers Zoom hand for attendees after they spoke
* LGHG liaison / NA liaison: Paul
* Recording secretary for subcommittee  (John for now)


MEETING FORMATS

* We will experiment with meeting formats, including speaker, revolving, and some new tag formats
* Experiment with more than 100 attendees
* Try different ways to call on people (use chat window, raise hand, etc).
* We will not ask visitors to announce themselves.  We will continue to ask for newcomers and birthdays to announce themselves.
* We will experiment muting all attendees, not allowing them to unmute

SMALLER LGHG MEETINGS

* Many folks are wanting smaller meetings with mostly LGHG attendees, like our in person meetings.  We will discuss ways to implement these.
* We plan to eliminate some of the meetings from the VirtualNA site. That should dramatically reduce attendance.
* Committee will decide which meetings.




SEVENTH TRADITION
* we don't know how long this is going to last
* short term we will rely on prudent reserve
* we will leave this decision to LGHG Group / Gar
* Gar can set everything (bank/PayPal/trusted funds managers).
* Subcommittee will implement tech details
* Leeanne will research PayPal and Venmo


OFFICIAL EMAIL ADDRESS

* To send out attendee slips online, we need an official email address
* We could create a gmail address  (los-gatos-home-group-attendance@gmail.com)
* or we could use the upcoming lghg.org domain
* 

QUESTIONS

* How many hosts?
* Can we upgrade to 500 attendees?
* Which meetings we might move off of VirtualNA?

* ACTION ITEMS
* Jason to research: can we restrict # of participants (say capacity is 500, can we restrict to 50)?
* Leeanne to research PayPal and Venmo
* Subcommittee to decide how many hosts (3 or 5)
* Subcommittee to determine if we choose to increase capacity
* Subcommittee to choose which meetings to remove to VirtualNA
* Linda will assign roles on the flow (scribe, timer, hand-lowerer)
* John to send notes from this meeting to subcommittee

